RHIDP-5372- Fix inconsistent reference to the app config file (#914)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/dynamic-plugins/ref-example-dynamic-plugin-helm-installations.adoc

= Example Helm chart configurations for dynamic plugin installations

The following examples demonstrate how to configure the Helm chart for specific types of dynamic plugin installations.

> .Configuring a local plugin and an external plugin when the external plugin requires a specific `{my-app-config-file}`

Reviewer: Or maybe just: 

```suggestion
.Configuring a local plugin and an external plugin when the external plugin requires a specific configuration
```
